README.md, before:

# ROS-commands

Here is an organized structure for your ROS 2 commands, categorized by workflow steps.

### Workspace Setup

creates the directory for your workspace.

```bash
mkdir ros2_ws/src
cd ros2_ws/src
```

### Package Creation

You can create Python or C++ packages in src.

```bash
ros2 pkg create --build-type ament_python bot_examples_py
ros2 pkg create --build-type ament_cmake bot_examples_cpp
```

### Building the Workspace

Always run `colcon build` from the root of your workspace (e.g., `~/ros2_ws`),
I personally use a custom bash command (rosbuild) to source my complie commands also for lsp.

```bash
colcon build
# or for just the package
colcon build --packages-select bot_examples_py

```

### Sourcing and Verification

After building, you must source the setup file to use the new packages.

```bash
. install/setup.bash
ros2 pkg list | grep bot_examples_py

```

### To automatically source your specific workspace (e.g., Armbot), add this logic to your container's `.bashrc`.

this is done out of convenience if you keep working on the same package all the time

```bash
if [ -f "$HOME/armbot/install/setup.bash" ]; then
    source "$HOME/armbot/install/setup.bash"
fi
```

Commit message:

Update README with sourcing and cleanup instructions
Added instructions for removing build artifacts and sourcing ROS setup.

README.md, after:

# ROS-commands

Here is an organized structure for your ROS 2 commands, categorized by workflow steps.

### Workspace Setup

creates the directory for your workspace.

```bash
mkdir ros2_ws/src
cd ros2_ws/src
```

### Package Creation

You can create Python or C++ packages in src.

```bash
ros2 pkg create --build-type ament_python bot_examples_py
ros2 pkg create --build-type ament_cmake bot_examples_cpp
```

### Building the Workspace

Always run `colcon build` from the root of your workspace (e.g., `~/ros2_ws`),
I personally use a custom bash command (rosbuild) to source my complie commands also for lsp.

```bash
colcon build
# or for just the package
colcon build --packages-select bot_examples_py

```

if u did soucre wrongly and you are 100% sure
```bash
rm -rf build install log
```


### Sourcing and Verification

After building, you must source the setup file to use the new packages.

```bash
. install/setup.bash
ros2 pkg list | grep bot_examples_py

```

### To automatically source your specific workspace (e.g., Armbot), add this logic to your container's `.bashrc`.

this is done out of convenience if you keep working on the same package all the time. source ros itself aswell

```bash
source /opt/ros/jazzy/setup.bash # ros source
if [ -f "$HOME/armbot/install/setup.bash" ]; then
    source "$HOME/armbot/install/setup.bash"
fi
```
